README.md, before:

# MMM-MVG
Station monitor for the Münchner Verkehrsgesellschaft (MVG) bus, tram and train system.

Currently this version is in early Alpha status and still needs some adjustments.

## Prerequisite
A working installation of [MagicMirror<sup>2</sup>](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror)

## Dependencies
  * npm
  * [request](https://www.npmjs.com/package/request)

## Installation
1. Navigate into your MagicMirror's `modules` folder.
2. Execute `git clone https://github.com/webphax/MMM-MVG.git`.
3. Restart your MagicMirror app

## Configuration
Sample minimum configuration entry for your `~/MagicMirror/config/config.js`:

    ...
    
    {
        module: 'MMM-MVG',
        position: 'top_right',
        config: {
			url: 'http://www.mvg-live.de/ims/dfiStaticAuswahl.svc?haltestelle=hackerbr%FCcke&ubahn=checked&bus=checked&tram=checked&sbahn=checked',		// Configure your search query via http://www.mvg-live.de/ims/dfiStaticAuswahl.svc			
        }
    },
    
    ...

## Licence
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 webphax (https://github.com/webphax/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Basic styling, self-update, config parameters
Add some basic styling (table). Add setInterval to enable self-updates.
Added some more config parameters (maxConn, reload)

README.md, after:

# MMM-MVG
Station monitor for the Münchner Verkehrsgesellschaft (MVG) bus, tram and train system.

Currently this version is in early Alpha status and still needs some adjustments.

## Prerequisite
A working installation of [MagicMirror<sup>2</sup>](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror)

## Dependencies
  * npm
  * [request](https://www.npmjs.com/package/request)

## Installation
1. Navigate into your MagicMirror's `modules` folder.
2. Execute `git clone https://github.com/webphax/MMM-MVG.git`.
3. Restart your MagicMirror app

## Configuration
Sample minimum configuration entry for your `~/MagicMirror/config/config.js`:

    ...
    
    {
        module: 'MMM-MVG',
        position: 'top_right',
        config: {
			url: 'http://www.mvg-live.de/ims/dfiStaticAuswahl.svc?haltestelle=hackerbr%FCcke&ubahn=checked&bus=checked&tram=checked&sbahn=checked',		// Configure your search query via http://www.mvg-live.de/ims/dfiStaticAuswahl.svc	
            maxConn: 5,     // How many connections would you like to see? (Maximum: 10)
			reload: 30   	// How often should the information be updated? (In seconds)		
        }
    },
    
    ...

## Licence
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 webphax (https://github.com/webphax/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
